iCub 3 documentation (#112)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/icub_r1_icub3_calibration_types/icub3_calibration_types.md

> # Calibration types available on iCub3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Calibration types available on iCub 3
```

> The table below aims to provide expert users with some technical information about calibration types on `iCub3` robot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below aims to provide expert users with some technical information about calibration types on `iCub 3` robot.
```
